Add stronghold readme example (#766)
iotaledger/identity.rs: bindings/stronghold-nodejs/README.md

```bash
npm install @iota/identity-stronghold-nodejs@dev
```
## Usage
<!-- 
Test this example using https://github.com/anko/txm: `txm README.md`

Replace imports with local paths for txm:
!test program
cat \
| sed -e "s#require('@iota/identity-wasm/node')#require('../wasm/node/identity_wasm.js')#" \
| sed -e "s#require('@iota/identity-stronghold-nodejs')#require('./dist/index.js')#" \
| node
-->
<!-- !test check Nodejs Example -->
```javascript
const { AccountBuilder, ExplorerUrl } = require('@iota/identity-wasm/node')
const { Stronghold } = require('@iota/identity-stronghold-nodejs')

async function main() {

>     
>     const stronghold = await Stronghold.build("./example-strong.hodl", "my-password", true);

Reviewer: We should a bit more explanation for these parameters, similar to the root README.md. I think we can omit the `dropsave` parameter since it's slightly more advanced/distracting and defaults to `true` anyway.

```suggestion
    // Stronghold settings for the Account storage.
    // This will load an existing Stronghold or create a new one automatically.
    const filepath = "./example-strong.hodl";
    const password = "my-password";
    const stronghold = await Stronghold.build(filepath, password);
```

>     // The creation step generates a keypair, builds an identity
>     // and publishes it to the IOTA mainnet.
>     let builder = new AccountBuilder({
>         storage: stronghold,
>     });
>     let account = await builder.createIdentity();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // This generates a new keypair stored securely in the above Stronghold, 
    // constructs a new DID Document, and publishes it to the IOTA Mainnet.
    let builder = new AccountBuilder({
        storage: stronghold,
    });
    let account = await builder.createIdentity();
```

>     // Retrieve the DID of the newly created identity.
>     let did = account.did();
> 
>     // Print the DID of the created Identity.
>     console.log(did.toString())
> 
>     // Print the local state of the DID Document
>     console.log(account.document());
> 
>     // Print the Explorer URL for the DID.
>     console.log(`Explorer Url:`, ExplorerUrl.mainnet().resolverUrl(did));

Reviewer: This should ideally use `JSON.stringify` to avoid printing opaque `[Object]` entries. Not sure if that matters for a short example, maybe it's distracting?

```suggestion
    // Print the DID of the newly created identity.
    const did = account.did();
    console.log(did.toString());

    // Print the local state of the DID Document.
    const document = account.document();
    console.log(JSON.stringify(document, null, 2));

    // Print the Explorer URL for the DID.
    console.log(`Explorer URL:`, ExplorerUrl.mainnet().resolverUrl(did));
```
